# Pollux Cipher

## Description

This is a simple implementation of the Pollux Cipher. It is a cipher that first converts the plaintext into Morse code which is written as a series of dots, dashes and spaces. The ciphertext is then generated by mapping the dots, dashes and spaces to numbers to the encoder's choice. To decrypt the ciphertext, the numbers are mapped back to dots, dashes and spaces and then converted back to plaintext.

## Usage

### Encryption

To encrypt a plaintext, run the following command:

```bash
pollux -e -p <plaintext> -k <key>
```

The key is a string of dots (.), dashes (-) and spaces (x). The key is used to map the Morse code to numbers. The key maps to the digits 0-9 in order. For example, the key `.-x-...x-.-.` maps to `0123456789`, respectively.

### Decryption

To decrypt a ciphertext, run the following command:

```bash
pollux -d -c <ciphertext> -k <key>
```

The key is the same as the one used to encrypt the plaintext. However, if you don't know the exact key used to encrypt the plaintext, you can use the `-s` flag to specify a range of keys. For example, you know that 1 and 3 maps to `.`, 4 and 6 maps to `-`, and 9 maps to `x`, you can use the following command:

```bash
pollux -d -c <ciphertext> -k ..--x -s 13469
```

The `-s` flag takes in a string of digits that maps to the key. The digits are mapped to the key in order. For example, the key `..--x` maps to `13469`, respectively.

## Installation

### From Source

To install from source, run the following commands:

```bash
git clone 
cd pollux
cmake -B build
cmake --build build
```

If you want to install the program to your system on MacOS or Linux, run the following command:

```bash
sudo cmake --install build
```

If you want to install the program to your system on Windows, run the following command in an administrator command prompt:

```bash
cmake --install build
```